user/v-danwesley/writer pass on "View page resources" (#2339)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md

> ms.author: msedgedevrel

Reviewer: Change description yaml field from:
description: Organize resources by frame, domain, type, or other criteria.
to:
description: Browse and inspect the resource files that make up a webpage, and filter them by filetype, frame, domain, or other criteria.

Author: done in local copy

> ms.author: msedgedevrel

Reviewer: checking, this might be dup comment, might be done.
To check status, see:
Latest Files Changed view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2339/files
Rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md

> ms.author: msedgedevrel

Reviewer: line 2: change from:
title: View page resources
to:
title: View the resource files that make up a webpage

Author: done in local

> ms.author: msedgedevrel

Author: done in local copy

> ms.topic: conceptual

Reviewer: In toc.yml, change from:
View page resources
to:
View the resource files that make up a webpage

Author: done in local copy

> ms.prod: microsoft-edge

Author: should I open a separate PR for this change?

> ms.prod: microsoft-edge

Reviewer: no, the change is coherent with this renaming.  When retitling an article, update link text in any files in the repo that link to the article.  Standard list of spots to change all at once includes that.

> ms.prod: microsoft-edge

Author: thanks, will do in the morning - getting slightly cross-eyed here

1. Press `Ctrl`+`R` to refresh the page.  The received resource files that make up the webpage are now added as rows in the **Network** tab.  The **demo-to-do/** folder row represents the HTML page - in this case, [index.html](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/demo-to-do).

1. In DevTools, click the **Sources** tab.

1. In the **Page** tab in the upper left, right-click a resource file, and then select **Reveal in Network panel**:

   ![The 'Reveal in Network panel' right-click menuitem on a resource file in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)

   If the **Reveal in Network panel** menuitem isn't listed, go to the **Network** tool and then refresh the page.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool

You can use the **Sources** tool to view the webpage's resource files organized by directory, as follows:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. In a new window or tab, go to a webpage, such as the [Accessibility-testing features demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/).  (The source files for that webpage are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > devtools-a11y-testing](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/devtools-a11y-testing).)

```

Reviewer: @dan-wesley  - h2 "Browse resource files by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool" - did you mean to apply this Suggested change?  Comment was resolved w/o changing.

    | Page item | Description |
    |---|---|
    | `top` | The main document [browsing context](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe). |
    | `microsoftedge.github.io` | The domain.  All resources nested under it come from that domain.  For example, the full URL of the `buttons.js` file is [https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js). |
    | `css`, `photos` | Directories |
    | `(index)` | The main HTML document. |
    | `buttons.js` | A script to handle button presses on the page. |

1. Select a resource file to view it in the Editor of the **Sources** tool:

   ![Viewing a resource file in the Editor of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-resource.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files sorted by filename in the Page tab of the Sources tool

By default, the **Page** tab in the **Sources** tool groups resource files by folder.  To instead display all the resource files for each domain grouped together in a single alphabetized list:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. In a new window or tab, go to a webpage, such as the [Accessibility-testing features demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/).  (The source files for that webpage are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > devtools-a11y-testing](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/devtools-a11y-testing).)

```

Reviewer: @dan-wesley - h2 "Browse resource files sorted by filename in the Page tab of the Sources tool" - the Comment for the Suggested change was resolved though not applied (or, not stated whether you intended to apply or not apply the Suggested change).

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Sources** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![The More tabs icon](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. In the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.

1. Click **More options** (...) and then clear the **Group by folder** option:

   ![The Group by folder option in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-resource-group-by-folder.msft.png)

   All the resource files for each domain (such as **Top**) are grouped together in a single alphabetized list:

   ![The Page tab in the Sources tool when the 'Group by folder' option is cleared](../media/resources-sources-page-resources-empty-not-grouped-by-folder.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by file type in the Frames tree in the Application tool

One way to view webpage resources grouped by file type is by using the **Frames** tree in the **Application** tool:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. In a new window or tab, go to a webpage, such as the [Accessibility-testing features demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/).  (The source files for that webpage are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > devtools-a11y-testing](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/devtools-a11y-testing).)

```

Reviewer: @dan-wesley - h2 "Browse resource files by file type in the Frames tree in the Application tool" - resolved w/o applying Suggested change.  intended?

1. Select the **Application** tab.  The **Application** tool opens and by default shows the **Manifest** pane first:
   
   ![The Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner.msft.png)

1. Scroll down to the **Frames** pane and then expand the folder that you're interested in:

   ![The Frames tree in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)

1. Select a resource to view it in the **Application** tool:

   ![Viewing a resource in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-expanded-resources.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by file type by filtering in the Network tool

In the **Network** tool, when you view the list of resource files that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  For example, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:

![Filtering to only list CSS resource files in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The above screenshot shows `main.css`, which is part of the [Inspect Network Activity Demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/network-tutorial/).  The source files for that page are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > network-tutorial](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/network-tutorial).

```

Reviewer: @dan-wesley - h2 "Browse resource files by file type by filtering in the Network tool" - Comment was resolved but no change.  Intended?  Adds "The above screenshot shows..."

   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.  -->
# View the resource files that make up a webpage

Resources are the files that make up a webpage.  Examples of resources include:
*  CSS files
*  JavaScript files
*  HTML files
*  Image files

You can view the resources that make up a web page from within several tools (or _panels_) in Microsoft Edge DevTools, including:
*  **Network** tool
*  **Sources** tool
*  **Application** tool

See also:
*  [Learn web development](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn) at Mozilla.org
*  [Overview of DevTools](../../devtools-guide-chromium/overview.md)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> Open resource files from the Command Menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Open resource files from the Command Menu
```

When you know the name of a webpage's resource file that you want to inspect, the **Command Menu** in DevTools provides a fast way of finding and opening that resource.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. In a new window or tab, go to a webpage, such as the [Accessibility-testing features demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/).  (The source files for that webpage are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > devtools-a11y-testing](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/devtools-a11y-testing).)

```

Reviewer: This Suggestion wasn't applied yet was Resolved.  Maybe this comment was accidentally resolved.  @dan-wesley

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**. Or press `Ctrl`+ `Shift`+ `I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+ `Option`+ `I` (macOS).

1. When DevTools has focus, press `Ctrl`+ `P` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`P` (macOS). Or, you can click the (![Customize icon](../media/customize-devtools-icon-light-theme.png)) menu button in DevTools and then select **Open file**.  The Command Menu opens, displaying the **Open File** list:

   ![The Command Menu, displaying the Open File list](../media/resources-command-menu-empty.msft.png)

> 1.  If there's a greater-than (>) prompt, press `Backspace` to get to the **Open file** prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  If there's a greater-than (>) prompt, press `Backspace` to get to the **Open File** prompt.
```
UI screenshot shows capital F

1. Start typing the filename, and then press `Enter` when the correct file is highlighted in the autocomplete box, or select the file from the dropdown list:

> 
>    Type filename:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   ![Typing part of a filename in the Open File list of the Command Menu](../media/resources-command-menu-file-search.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files in the Network tool

In the **Network** tool, you can inspect the resource files that make up the current webpage, such as `.html`, `.css`, `.js`, and image files.  To learn how to get the details for a specific resource, see [Inspect the details of the resource](../network/index.md#inspect-the-details-of-the-resource) in _Inspect network activity_.

When you go to the **Network** tool and then refresh the page, all the webpage's resource files are listed in the **Network** tool, one row per resource file:

![Webpage resource files listed in the Network Log, one resource file per row](../media/resources-network-resources.msft.png)

When **All** is selected as the resources filter, all the retrieved resource files for the current webpage are listed, in the lower left:

![Inspect a resource in the Network tool](../media/resources-network-response.msft.png)

> The above screenshot shows `getstarted.html`, though a folder is selected in the lower left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above screenshot shows `index.html`, for the `network-tutorial` path or folder that's selected in the lower left.  The screenshot shows the [Inspect Network Activity Demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/network-tutorial/).  The source files for that page are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > network-tutorial](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/network-tutorial).
```

Reviewer: @dan-wesley - did you mean to apply this Suggestion?  Appears it wasn't applied though marked Resolved.  This fixes an error in the text about which .html file is shown in screenshot.

Author: just added locally - I'm finding that 'Add suggestion to batch' and 'Commit suggestion' don't also work the way I think they should.  And in some cases when I pulled down the changes I got dups in my local copy

To learn how to show the network activity that's generated by the page resources, see [Log network activity](../network/index.md#log-network-activity) in the article  _Inspect network activity_.

> 
> ![Inspect a resource in the Network tool.](../media/resources-network-response.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
delete this 2nd, duplicated png, it's outside the flow

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Show resource files in the Network tool from other tools

In various tools that list resource files for the webpage, to inspect a resource file in the **Network** tool, right-click the resource file and then select **Reveal in Network panel**.  You may need to first refresh the webpage while the **Network** tool is open.

For example, to go from the **Page** tab's resource list in the **Sources** tool to the **Network** tool:

> 1. In a new window or tab, go to [https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/demo-to-do/](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/demo-to-do/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a new window or tab, go to a webpage, such as the [Inspect Network Activity Demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/network-tutorial/).  (The source files for that webpage are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > network-tutorial](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/network-tutorial).)
```

Reviewer: Did you mean to apply this change?  It wasn't applied.  This change fixes a disparity, this line says demo-to-do yet the screenshot shows a different demo.

Author: missed, added locally

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Network** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![the More tabs button](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button, or else the **More Tools** (![More Tools icon](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

> 1. Press `Ctrl`+`R` to refresh the page.  The received resource files that make up the webpage are now added as rows in the **Network** tab.  The **demo-to-do/** folder row represents the HTML page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press `Ctrl`+`R` to refresh the page.  The received resource files that make up the webpage are now added as rows in the **Network** tab.  The **demo-to-do/** folder row represents the HTML page - in this case, [index.html](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/demo-to-do).
```

1. In DevTools, click the **Sources** tab.

1. In the **Page** tab in the upper left, right-click a resource file, and then select **Reveal in Network panel**:

>    ![The 'Reveal in Network panel' right-click menuitem on a resource file in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)

Reviewer: add red boxes on:
* Sources tab
* Page tab
* *Reveal in Network panel* menuitem

Author: done in local copy for next upload

   ![Viewing a resource file in the Editor of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-resource.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files sorted by filename in the Page tab of the Sources tool

By default, the **Page** tab in the **Sources** tool groups resource files by folder.  To instead display all the resource files for each domain grouped together in a single alphabetized list:

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Sources** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![The More tabs icon](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. In the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.

1. Click **More options** (...) and then clear the **Group by folder** option:

   ![The Group by folder option in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-resource-group-by-folder.msft.png)

>     Resources are organized by file type.  For each file type, the resources are organized alphabetically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   All the resource files for each domain (such as **Top**) are grouped together in a single alphabetized list:
```
The old sentence seems to be in wrong section:
"Resources are organized by file type.  For each file type, the resources are organized alphabetically:"

   
   ![The Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner.msft.png)

1. Scroll down to the **Frames** pane and then expand the folder that you're interested in:

   ![The Frames tree in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)

1. Select a resource to view it in the **Application** tool:

   ![Viewing a resource in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-expanded-resources.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by file type by filtering in the Network tool

In the **Network** tool, when you view the list of resource files that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  For example, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:

![Filtering to only list CSS resource files in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

For more information, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type) in _Inspect network activity_.

> <!-- ====================================================================== -->

Reviewer: At bottom of file, remove alt text period; change from:
[![Creative Commons License.](../..
to:
[![Creative Commons License](../..

Author: done in local

   ![The Frames tree in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)

1. Select a resource to view it in the **Application** tool:

   ![Viewing a resource in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-expanded-resources.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by file type by filtering in the Network tool

In the **Network** tool, when you view the list of resource files that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  For example, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:

![Filtering to only list CSS resource files in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

The above screenshot shows `main.css`, which is part of the [Inspect Network Activity Demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/network-tutorial/).  The source files for that page are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > network-tutorial](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/network-tutorial).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more information, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type) in _Inspect network activity_.

```
Not sure if accidentally got omitted.  This link is present in the live article at bottom:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/#browse-files-by-type-in-the-network-panel

   If the **Reveal in Network panel** menuitem isn't listed, go to the **Network** tool, make sure the **Record network log** button in the upper left is selected (red), and then refresh the page.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool

You can use the **Sources** tool to view the webpage's resource files organized by directory, as follows:

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Sources** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![More tabs icon](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. In the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.

1. By default, resource files are grouped by folder.  If the resources are all listed alphabetically by file name instead, click the **More options** (...) button to the right of the **Page** tab, and then select **Group by folder**:

>    ![The webpage's resource files grouped by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-empty.msft.png)

Reviewer: Re-add showing the ... clicked to open right-click menu to show menuitem x.  Add red box on 
* Sources tab, 
* Page subtab, 
* ...  button.  Got omitted.
* menuitem: Group by folder.  Got omitted but is the point of the screenshot.

There happens to be a similar png below, which you can look at, but re-using pngs is bad.

Author: done

Author: done

    The **Page** tab contains various node types, including:

    | Page item | Description |
    |---|---|
    | `top` | The main document _browsing context_, such as a browser tab, a browser window, or a frame. See [Browsing context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Browsing_context) or [\<iframe\>: The Inline Frame element](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe). |
    | `microsoftedge.github.io` | The domain.  All resources nested under it come from that domain.  For example, the full URL of the `buttons.js` file is [https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js). |
    | `css`, `photos` | Directories. |
    | `(index)` | The main HTML document. |
    | `buttons.js` | A script to handle button presses on the page. |

1. Select a resource file to view it in the Editor of the **Sources** tool:

>    ![Viewing a resource file in the Editor of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-resource.msft.png)

Reviewer: @dan-wesley i did hard refresh but am seeing no red boxes on this png's tabs, at rendered view:

https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2339/files#r1052576441

Author: try again

1. Select the **Application** tab.  The **Application** tool opens and by default shows the **Manifest** pane first:
   
   ![The Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner.msft.png)

1. Scroll down to the **Frames** pane and then expand the folder that you're interested in:

   ![The Frames tree in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)

1. Select a resource to view it in the **Application** tool:

   ![Viewing a resource in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-expanded-resources.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by file type by filtering in the Network tool

In the **Network** tool, when you view the list of resource files that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  For example, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:

> ![Filtering to only list CSS resource files in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

Reviewer: Extend the wide red box to the left to include the Add button, and Fetch, and JS.

Author: done

   ![The Command Menu, displaying the Open File list](../media/resources-command-menu-empty.msft.png)

1. If there's a greater-than (>) prompt, press `Backspace` to get to the **Open File** prompt.

1. Start typing the filename, and then press `Enter` when the correct file is highlighted in the autocomplete box, or select the file from the dropdown list:

   ![Typing part of a filename in the Open File list of the Command Menu](../media/resources-command-menu-file-search.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files in the Network tool

In the **Network** tool, you can inspect the resource files that make up the current webpage, such as `.html`, `.css`, `.js`, and image files.  To learn how to get the details for a specific resource, see [Inspect the details of the resource](../network/index.md#inspect-the-details-of-the-resource) in _Inspect network activity_.

> When you go to the **Network** tool and then refresh the page, all the webpage's resource files are listed in the **Network** tool, one row per resource file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a new window or tab, go to a webpage, such as the [Inspect Network Activity Demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/network-tutorial/).  (The source files for that webpage are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > network-tutorial](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/network-tutorial).)

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Network** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![The 'More tabs' icon](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button, or else the **More Tools** (![The 'More Tools' icon](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. Make sure the **Record network log** button in the upper left is selected (red).

1. Refresh the page.  All the webpage's resource files are listed in the **Network** tool, one row per resource file:
```

> ![Webpage resource files listed in the Network Log, one resource file per row](../media/resources-network-resources.msft.png)

Reviewer: Add red boxes on:
* the All button
* the list of filenames (including probably "network-tutorial/" node) in lower left.  That = .html file.  Might be gray area, sometimes it's a resource, practically.

Author: done

> ![Webpage resource files listed in the Network Log, one resource file per row](../media/resources-network-resources.msft.png)

Reviewer: Redo screenshot with the default DevTools docking location, to the right not bottom.  Adjust width of webpage and DevTools so window is narrow yet still recognizable.
Add red boxes on:
* The **Network** tab.
* The red **Stop recording network log** or black **Record network log** icon button in upper left, to left of the Clear (prohibited) button.
* The **All** filter button.
* The list of filenames in lower left, including **network-tutorial/** node.

Author: should be good now

> When you go to the **Network** tool and then refresh the page, all the webpage's resource files are listed in the **Network** tool, one row per resource file:
> 
> ![Webpage resource files listed in the Network Log, one resource file per row](../media/resources-network-resources.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a new window or tab, go to a webpage, such as the [Inspect Network Activity Demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/network-tutorial/).  (The source files for that webpage are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > network-tutorial](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/network-tutorial).)

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Network** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![The 'More tabs' icon](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button, or else the **More Tools** (![The 'More Tools' icon](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. Make sure the **Record network log** button in the upper left is selected (red).

1. Refresh the page.  All the webpage's resource files are listed in the **Network** tool, one row per resource file:

   ![Webpage resource files listed in the Network Log, one resource file per row](../media/resources-network-resources.msft.png)
```

> When **All** is selected as the resources filter, all the retrieved resource files for the current webpage are listed, in the lower left:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When **All** is selected as the resources filter, all the retrieved resource files for the current webpage are listed, in the lower left:
```

> ![Inspect a resource in the Network tool](../media/resources-network-response.msft.png)

Reviewer: I'd probably enlarge the red box to include the network-tutorial node, since it's what's shown to the right eg index.html listing.
notes:
the list of filenames (including probably "network-tutorial/" node) in lower left ( = .html file; might be gray area, sometimes it's a resource, practically). By default, that top node is selected and the .html file is listed, so seems good to call it a resource that gets filtered.

Author: done

> ![Inspect a resource in the Network tool](../media/resources-network-response.msft.png)

Reviewer: Looking at present rendered file, with its present design/flow, pls narrow the red box to only be around "All" button, not Fetch/XHR etc buttons.

I don't recall the context in which I proposed to put red box around all filter buttons. 
Section:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md#browse-resource-files-in-the-network-tool
It's the 2nd png in that section has the wide red box.

Bottom relevant section has box around CSS button, and that's the section, if any, where there should be a wide red box on all filters.  d/k if I'll enter comment to do that.
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md#browse-resource-files-by-file-type-by-filtering-in-the-network-tool

Author: should be good now

> ![Inspect a resource in the Network tool](../media/resources-network-response.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Inspect a resource in the Network tool](../media/resources-network-response.msft.png)
```

> The above screenshot shows `index.html`, for the `network-tutorial` path or folder that's selected in the lower left.  The screenshot shows the [Inspect Network Activity Demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/network-tutorial/).  The source files for that page are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > network-tutorial](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/network-tutorial).
> 
> To learn how to show the network activity that's generated by the page resources, see [Log network activity](../network/index.md#log-network-activity) in the article  _Inspect network activity_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The above screenshot shows `index.html`, for the `network-tutorial` path that's selected in the lower left.

To learn more about how to show the network activity that's generated by the page resources, see [Log network activity](../network/index.md#log-network-activity) in the article  _Inspect network activity_.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
tightening, trying to have 2 blank lines above the comment divider

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
2 - tightening, trying to have 2 blank lines above the comment divider

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
3 - tightening, trying to have 2 blank lines above the comment divider

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Network** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![the More tabs button](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button, or else the **More Tools** (![More Tools icon](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. Press `Ctrl`+`R` to refresh the page.  The received resource files that make up the webpage are now added as rows in the **Network** tab.  The **demo-to-do/** folder row represents the HTML page - in this case, [index.html](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/demo-to-do).

1. In DevTools, click the **Sources** tab.

1. In the **Page** tab in the upper left, right-click a resource file, and then select **Reveal in Network panel**:

>    ![The 'Reveal in Network panel' right-click menuitem on a resource file in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)

Reviewer: 3 - Redo screenshot with the default DevTools docking location, to the right not bottom.  Adjust width of webpage and DevTools so window is narrow yet still recognizable.
Add red boxes on:
* The **Sources** tab.
* The **Page** tab.
* The **Reveal in Network panel** menuitem.

Author: done

>    If the **Reveal in Network panel** menuitem isn't listed, go to the **Network** tool and then refresh the page.

Reviewer: discussion/analysis: whether simply F5 will work for every user/case or not, depends on whether a recording is in progress (red) or not (black).  IMO that's maybe clear enough in the Network tool UI but the question is whether we should try to give more complete details here, given that details are probably spread around well enough now with this PR.

>    If the **Reveal in Network panel** menuitem isn't listed, go to the **Network** tool and then refresh the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the **Reveal in Network panel** menuitem isn't listed, go to the **Network** tool, make sure the **Record network log** button in the upper left is selected (red), and then refresh the page.
```

> <!-- ====================================================================== -->

Reviewer: 1 (divider) - Deleting empty h2 section that has 5 blank lines.
```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Blank line 1 - Deleting empty h2 section that has 5 blank lines.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Blank line 2 - Deleting empty h2 section that has 5 blank lines.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Blank line 3 - Deleting empty h2 section that has 5 blank lines.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Blank line 4 - Deleting empty h2 section that has 5 blank lines.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Blank line 5 - Deleting empty h2 section that has 5 blank lines.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool

You can use the **Sources** tool to view the webpage's resource files organized by directory, as follows:

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Sources** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![More tabs icon](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. In the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.

> 1. By default, resource files are grouped by folder.  If the resources are all listed alphabetically by file name instead, click the **More options** (...) button to the right of the **Page** tab, and then select **Group by folder**:
> 
>    ![The webpage's resource files grouped by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-empty.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. By default, resource files are grouped by folder:

   ![The webpage's resource files grouped by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-empty.msft.png)

1. If the resources are all listed alphabetically by file name instead of grouped by folder, click the **More options** (...) button to the right of the **Page** tab, and then select **Group by folder**.
```
re-seq'ing for better flow per what the png is showing

>    ![The webpage's resource files grouped by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-empty.msft.png)

Reviewer: add red boxes around:
* Sources tab
* Page tab

Rendered (png 1):
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md#browse-resource-files-by-folder-in-the-page-tab-of-the-sources-tool

Author: done

    The **Page** tab contains various node types, including:

    | Page item | Description |
    |---|---|

>     | `top` | The main document [browsing context](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `top` | The main document _browsing context_.  See [<iframe>: The Inline Frame element](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe). |
```

Author: ok

    | `microsoftedge.github.io` | The domain.  All resources nested under it come from that domain.  For example, the full URL of the `buttons.js` file is [https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js). |

>     | `css`, `photos` | Directories |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `css`, `photos` | Directories. |
```

Author: ok

    | `(index)` | The main HTML document. |
    | `buttons.js` | A script to handle button presses on the page. |

1. Select a resource file to view it in the Editor of the **Sources** tool:

>    ![Viewing a resource file in the Editor of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-resource.msft.png)

Reviewer: add red boxes around:
* Sources tab
* (index) node in Page tab
rendered (png 2 of 2):
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md#browse-resource-files-by-folder-in-the-page-tab-of-the-sources-tool

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files sorted by filename in the Page tab of the Sources tool

By default, the **Page** tab in the **Sources** tool groups resource files by folder.  To instead display all the resource files for each domain grouped together in a single alphabetized list:

1. In a new window or tab, go to a webpage, such as the [Accessibility-testing features demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/).  (The source files for that webpage are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > devtools-a11y-testing](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/devtools-a11y-testing).)

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Sources** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![The More tabs icon](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. In the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.

1. Click **More options** (...) and then clear the **Group by folder** option:

>    ![The Group by folder option in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-resource-group-by-folder.msft.png)

Reviewer: Add red box on ... button because can't tell where the popup menu comes from.  
Also add red box probably on Group By Folder menuitem.

Author: done

>    ![The Group by folder option in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-resource-group-by-folder.msft.png)

Reviewer: add add'l red boxes per my design approach "in DevTools screenshots always highlight which tab & sub-tab" as basic elementary navigation & tool (tab) identification emphasis:
* Sources tab
* Page tab

   All the resource files for each domain (such as **Top**) are grouped together in a single alphabetized list:

>    ![The Page tab in the Sources tool when the 'Group by folder' option is cleared](../media/resources-sources-page-resources-empty-not-grouped-by-folder.msft.png)

Reviewer: I'd automatically routinely add red boxes on:
* Sources tab (as the routine nav'n)
* Page tab  (as the routine nav'n)
* the list of filenames, probably not the parent node "top" (as the special highlighting unique for this tool)

Author: done

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by file type in the Frames tree in the Application tool

One way to view webpage resources grouped by file type is by using the **Frames** tree in the **Application** tool:

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Application** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![More tabs button](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button, or else the **More Tools** (![The More Tools icon](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. Select the **Application** tab.  The **Application** tool opens and by default shows the **Manifest** pane first:
   

>    ![The Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner.msft.png)

Reviewer: I'm considering deleting this low-value, even misleading screenshot, to increase focus on the png that's below it.  As long as we have this transitional-navigational screenshot:
Add red box on "Application" tab and on "Manifest" node in tree on left.

Author: done

1. Scroll down to the **Frames** pane and then expand the folder that you're interested in:

>    ![The Frames tree in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)

Reviewer: suggest red box around entire Frames section of tree

>    ![The Frames tree in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)

Reviewer: Add red box around entire Frames section of tree.  Looks like that was done in the other image below it instead.

Rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md#browse-resource-files-by-file-type-in-the-frames-tree-in-the-application-tool
re: png 2 out of 3

Author: done

1. Select a resource to view it in the **Application** tool:

>    ![Viewing a resource in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-expanded-resources.msft.png)

Reviewer: Shrink red box to only be around the selected node, which is button.js node of tree.

Author: done

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by file type by filtering in the Network tool

In the **Network** tool, when you view the list of resource files that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  For example, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:

> ![Filtering to only list CSS resource files in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

Reviewer: add red box around CSS button & main.css filename in lower left

Author: done

> ![Filtering to only list CSS resource files in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

Reviewer: Should there be another capture that shows red box around all the filter types?  (All, Fetch, ... Other)

Should the red box in this png be double-purposed: eg put a wide tall red box around all those filter buttons and also a small red box around the CSS filter button?

Author: done

> ![Filtering to only list CSS resource files in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

Reviewer: 4 - Redo screenshot with the default DevTools docking location, to the right not bottom.  Adjust width of webpage and DevTools so window is narrow yet still recognizable.
Add red boxes on:
* The **Sources** tab.
* The **Page** tab.
* The **Reveal in Network panel** menuitem.

Rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md#browse-resource-files-by-file-type-by-filtering-in-the-network-tool

Author: refreshed

1. Select a resource to view it in the **Application** tool:

   ![Viewing a resource in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-expanded-resources.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resource files by file type by filtering in the Network tool

In the **Network** tool, when you view the list of resource files that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  For example, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:

![Filtering to only list CSS resource files in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

The above screenshot shows `main.css`, which is part of the [Inspect Network Activity Demo](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/network-tutorial/).  The source files for that page are at [MicrosoftEdge / Demos > network-tutorial](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/tree/main/network-tutorial).

For more information, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type) in _Inspect network activity_.

> For more information, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type) in _Inspect network activity_.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove dup instance 2 of 3

> For more information, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type) in _Inspect network activity_.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Suggested change 
For more information, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type) in _Inspect network activity_.
remove dup instance 3 of 3

> For more information, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type) in _Inspect network activity_.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

   limitations under the License.  -->
# View page resources

> Resources are the files that a page needs to display correctly.  Examples of resources include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resources are the files that make up a webpage.  Examples of resources include:
```

*  CSS files.
*  JavaScript files.
*  HTML files.
*  Image files.

> You can view the resources that make up a web page from within several tools, or panels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the resources that make up a web page from within several tools (or _panels_).
```

> This guide assumes that you are familiar with the basics of web development described in [Learn web development](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn) and [Microsoft Edge DevTools](../../devtools-guide-chromium/overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For web development basics, see [Learn web development](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn).  See also [Overview of DevTools](../../devtools-guide-chromium/overview.md).
```
Re-frame.  Article makes no assumptions & requirements re: previous knowledge.  Offer "If you want... link".  Maybe copy links to See Also at bottom of article.

> To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**. Or press `Ctrl`+ `Shift`+ `I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+ `Option`+ `I` (macOS).

Reviewer: This paragraph is confusing when placed here out of any task scenario context.  Maybe move down into some h2 sections.

Author: I added this at first, thinking that we wouldn't have to tell a user how to open DevTools in every section. Changed my mind but forgot to delete it.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Open resources from the Command Menu

When you know the name of the resource that you want to inspect, the **Command Menu** in DevTools provides a fast way of finding and opening the resource.

> 1. Press `Ctrl`+ `P` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`P` (macOS). You can also click the (![Customize icon.](../media/customize-devtools-icon-light-theme.png)) menu button and then select **Open file**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press `Ctrl`+ `P` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`P` (macOS). You can also click the (![Customize icon](../media/customize-devtools-icon-light-theme.png)) menu button in DevTools and then select **Open file**. 
```

>    The **Open file** dialog:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The **Open File** list in the Command Menu:
```

>    The **Open file** dialog:
> 
>    ![The Open File dialog.](../media/resources-command-menu-empty.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The Command Menu, displaying the Open File list](../media/resources-command-menu-empty.msft.png)
```

1. Start typing the filename and press `Enter` when the correct file is highlighted in the autocomplete box or select the file from the dropdown list.

   Type filename:

   ![Type a filename in the Open File dialog.](../media/resources-command-menu-file-search.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Open resources in the Network tool

> See [Inspect the details of the resource](../network/index.md#inspect-the-details-of-the-resource) in _Inspect network activity_ to learn how to get the details for a specific resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Network** tool, you can inspect the resources that make up the current webpage, such as `.html`, `.css`, `.js`, and image files.

See [Inspect the details of the resource](../network/index.md#inspect-the-details-of-the-resource) in _Inspect network activity_ to learn how to get the details for a specific resource.
```
setting/reiterating the context & concepts

> 
> <!--why?-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Show network resource details:

![Inspect a resource in the Network tool.](../media/resources-network-response.msft.png)

#### Reveal resources in the Network tool from other panels

> The next section, [Browse resources in the Network panel](#browse-resources-in-the-network-panel), shows how to view resources from various parts of the DevTools UI.  To inspect a resource in the **Network** tool, right-click the resource and select **Reveal in Network panel**.

Reviewer: Sentence 1 in this section currently reads "The next section,"
Sentence 1 in a section should describe/elaborate the present section heading, not a different section.  Add a Sentence 1 that clarifies the present heading, "Reveal resources in the Network tool from other panels".  What do we mean by "Reveal resources in the Network tool from other panels"?

Sentence 1 draft:
In several tools, such as X,Y,Z, you can right-click a page resource, such as a .js or .css file, to switch to the Network tool and list the selected resource within the Network tool.

Reviewer: ok to close thread.  The Dec 9 review pass covers this comment.

> The next section, [Browse resources in the Network panel](#browse-resources-in-the-network-panel), shows how to view resources from various parts of the DevTools UI.  To inspect a resource in the **Network** tool, right-click the resource and select **Reveal in Network panel**.

Author: Works in Network activity demo, didn't try in others. Need to follow up.

> The next section, [Browse resources in the Network panel](#browse-resources-in-the-network-panel), shows how to view resources from various parts of the DevTools UI.  To inspect a resource in the **Network** tool, right-click the resource and select **Reveal in Network panel**.

Reviewer: That sequence worked, with Demo To Do:
open Network tool
press Crl + R to do a page refresh
click Sources
right click on filename

I'll enter a comment.

> The next section, [Browse resources in the Network panel](#browse-resources-in-the-network-panel), shows how to view resources from various parts of the DevTools UI.  To inspect a resource in the **Network** tool, right-click the resource and select **Reveal in Network panel**.

Reviewer: You can close this thread.  I entered a comment to add the steps.

Pick resource to show in Network panel:

![Revealing resources in the Network panel.](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Browse resources in the Network panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Browse resources in the Network tool
```
elsewhere, can write:  
the Network tool (or _panel_)

<!-- 1. Open [Log network activity](../network/index.md#log-network-activity) (in the article  _Inspect network activity_) in a new tab or window. --.

<!-- 1. Do the steps in that section, and then continue below. -->

 <!-- open [link] in a new tab or window, and then continue below.. -->
<!--why?-->

<!-- need lead-in -->
Show network activity for page resources:

![Page resources in the Network Log.](../media/resources-network-resources.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resources by directory in the Sources tool

You can use the **Sources** tool to see webpage resources organized by directory.

To use the Sources tool:

1. Open DevTools.

1. Select the **Sources** tool, and then in the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.

1. Click the **More options** (...) button to the right of the **Page** tab, and then select **Group by folder**.

   Open Sources tool:

   ![The Page tab in the Navigator pane of the Sources tool.](../media/resources-sources-page-empty.msft.png)

    Here is a breakdown of the non-obvious items in the previous figure.

    | Page item | Description |

>     |:--- |:--- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    |---|---|
```
Global: The default is simple `|---|` - make Markdown as simple/clean looking as possible.
Corroboration:
* Press Alt+M in VS Code in a .md file, then enter "table".
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/markdown-reference#tables
* https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/#extended-syntax
* https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/organizing-information-with-tables#creating-a-table

    | `top` | The main document [browsing context](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe). |

>     | `microsoftedge.github.io` | The domain.  All resources nested under it come from that domain.  For example, the full URL of the `buttons.js` file is probably `https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js`. |

Reviewer: todo: if this is a concrete specific demo page, we can maybe delete "probably" and maybe add a link to the repo source code file.  Try to get Demos (?) repo's URL for ... check url: 
https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js
Probably make that a clickable link.

>     | `microsoftedge.github.io` | The domain.  All resources nested under it come from that domain.  For example, the full URL of the `buttons.js` file is probably `https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `microsoftedge.github.io` | The domain.  All resources nested under it come from that domain.  For example, the full URL of the `buttons.js` file is [https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js). |
```

   limitations under the License.  -->

> # View page resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# View the resource files that make up a webpage
```
Also change:
* "title:" at top of file
* TOC entry
* \microsoft-edge\devtools-guide-chromium\progressive-web-apps\index.md

Resources are the files that make up a webpage.  Examples of resources include:
*  CSS files.
*  JavaScript files.
*  HTML files.
*  Image files.

You can view the resources that make up a web page from within several tools (or _panels_) in Microsoft Edge DevTools, including:

> *  Network tool
> *  Sources tool
> *  Application tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  **Network** tool
*  **Sources** tool
*  **Application** tool
```

See also:
*  [Learn web development](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn) at Mozilla.org
*  [Overview of DevTools](../../devtools-guide-chromium/overview.md)

> To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**. Or press `Ctrl`+ `Shift`+ `I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+ `Option`+ `I` (macOS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 
> To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**. Or press `Ctrl`+ `Shift`+ `I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+ `Option`+ `I` (macOS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Open resources from the Command Menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open resource files from the Command Menu
```

> When you know the name of the resource that you want to inspect, the **Command Menu** in DevTools provides a fast way of finding and opening the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you know the name of the resource that you want to inspect, the **Command Menu** in DevTools provides a fast way of finding and opening the resource.
```
```suggestion
When you know the name of a webpage's resource file that you want to inspect, the **Command Menu** in DevTools provides a fast way of finding and opening that resource.
```

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**. Or press `Ctrl`+ `Shift`+ `I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+ `Option`+ `I` (macOS).

1. When DevTools has focus, press `Ctrl`+ `P` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`P` (macOS). Or, you can click the (![Customize icon](../media/customize-devtools-icon-light-theme.png)) menu button in DevTools and then select **Open file**.  The Command Menu opens, displaying the **Open File** list:

   ![The Command Menu, displaying the Open File list](../media/resources-command-menu-empty.msft.png)

> 1. Start typing the filename and press `Enter` when the correct file is highlighted in the autocomplete box or select the file from the dropdown list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start typing the filename, and then press `Enter` when the correct file is highlighted in the autocomplete box, or select the file from the dropdown list:
```

   Type filename:

>    ![Type a filename in the Open File dialog.](../media/resources-command-menu-file-search.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Typing part of a filename in the Open File list of the Command Menu](../media/resources-command-menu-file-search.msft.png)
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Open resources in the Network tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Browse resource files in the Network tool
```

> In the **Network** tool, you can inspect the resources that make up the current webpage, such as `.html`, `.css`, `.js`, and image files.  To learn how to get the details for a specific resource, see [Inspect the details of the resource](../network/index.md#inspect-the-details-of-the-resource) in _Inspect network activity_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Network** tool, you can inspect the resource files that make up the current webpage, such as `.html`, `.css`, `.js`, and image files.  To learn how to get the details for a specific resource, see [Inspect the details of the resource](../network/index.md#inspect-the-details-of-the-resource) in _Inspect network activity_.
```

> Show network resource details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Network** tool, because **All** is selected, all files for the current webpage are listed, in the lower left:
```

> Show network resource details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you go to the **Network** tool and then refresh the page, all the webpage's resource files are listed in the **Network** tool, one row per resource file:

![Webpage resource files listed in the Network Log, one resource file per row](../media/resources-network-resources.msft.png)

When **All** is selected as the resources filter, all the retrieved resource files for the current webpage are listed, in the lower left:

![Inspect a resource in the Network tool](../media/resources-network-response.msft.png)

The above screenshot shows `getstarted.html`, though a folder is selected in the lower left.

To learn how to show the network activity that's generated by the page resources, see [Log network activity](../network/index.md#log-network-activity) in the article  _Inspect network activity_.
```
here's the remainder of the redesigned h2 section, including a below section moved up into here.

> ![Inspect a resource in the Network tool.](../media/resources-network-response.msft.png)

Reviewer: Add red boxes, probably on Network tab & Response tab.

Author: done, will upload from next local commit

> #### Reveal resources in the Network tool from other panels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Reveal resources in the Network tool from other tools
```

> - The next section, [Browse resources in the Network panel](#browse-resources-in-the-network-panel), shows how to view resources from various parts of the DevTools UI.  To inspect a resource in the **Network** tool, right-click the resource and select **Reveal in Network panel**.

Author: another option is to move this as subsection under Browse resources in the Network tool. Just a thought, gets rid of the next section bit.

> - The next section, [Browse resources in the Network panel](#browse-resources-in-the-network-panel), shows how to view resources from various parts of the DevTools UI.  To inspect a resource in the **Network** tool, right-click the resource and select **Reveal in Network panel**.

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure that's equivalent to what I did: 
I removed the subsequent section and moved its content into the previous section.

> Pick resource to show in Network panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the Sources tool, right-click a resource, and then select **Reveal in Network panel**:
```

> Pick resource to show in Network panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the **Sources** tool, right-click a resource file, and then select **Reveal in Network panel**:
```

> ![Revealing resources in the Network panel.](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)

Reviewer: add red box around menuitem "Reveal in Network panel".

Author: done

> ![Revealing resources in the Network panel.](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Revealing resources in the Network panel](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)
```

> ![Revealing resources in the Network panel.](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The 'Reveal in Network panel' right-click menuitem on a resource file in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)
```

> ![Revealing resources in the Network panel.](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a new window or tab, go to [https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/demo-to-do/](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/demo-to-do/).

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Network** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![the More tabs button](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button, or else the **More Tools** (![More Tools icon](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. Press `Ctrl`+`R` to refresh the page.  The received resource files that make up the webpage are now added as rows in the **Network** tab.  The **demo-to-do/** folder row represents the HTML page.

1. In DevTools, click the **Sources** tab.

1. In the **Page** tab in the upper left, right-click a resource file, and then select **Reveal in Network panel**:

   ![The 'Reveal in Network panel' right-click menuitem on a resource file in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-reveal-in-network-panel.msft.png)

   If the **Reveal in Network panel** menuitem isn't listed, go to the **Network** tool and then refresh the page.
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Browse resources in the Network tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Browse and inspect resource files in the Network tool
```
by design, same as a new heading above.  Move the below content into the bottom of the first "Browse and inspect resource files in the Network tool" section above.

> <!-- to do x, -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> See [Log network activity](../network/index.md#log-network-activity) in the article  _Inspect network activity_ to learn how to see the network activity generated by the page resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <!-- 1. Open [Log network activity](../network/index.md#log-network-activity) (in the article  _Inspect network activity_) in a new tab or window. --.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <!-- 1. Do the steps in that section, and then continue below. -->
> 
>  <!-- open [link] in a new tab or window, and then continue below.. -->
> <!--why?-->
> 
> <!-- need lead-in -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Show network activity for page resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Show network activity for page resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 
> ![Page resources in the Network Log.](../media/resources-network-resources.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Browse resources by directory in the Sources tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Browse resource files by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool
```

> You can use the **Sources** tool to see webpage resources organized by directory.
> 
> To use the Sources tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the **Sources** tool to view the webpage's resource files organized by directory, as follows:
```

1. Open DevTools.

1. Select the **Sources** tool, and then in the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.

> 1. Click the **More options** (...) button to the right of the **Page** tab, and then select **Group by folder**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. By default, resource files are grouped by folder.  If the resources are all listed alphabetically by file name instead, click the **More options** (...) button to the right of the **Page** tab, and then select **Group by folder**:
```

> 1. Open DevTools.
> 
> 1. Select the **Sources** tool, and then in the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.
> 
> 1. Click the **More options** (...) button to the right of the **Page** tab, and then select **Group by folder**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Sources** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![More tabs icon.](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button, or else the **More Tools** (![More Tools icon.](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. In the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.

1. By default, resource files are grouped by folder.  If the resources are all listed alphabetically by file name instead, click the **More options** (...) button to the right of the **Page** tab, and then select **Group by folder**:
```

>    Open Sources tool:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    ![The Page tab in the Navigator pane of the Sources tool.](../media/resources-sources-page-empty.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The webpage's resource files grouped by folder in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-empty.msft.png)
```

>     Here is a breakdown of the non-obvious items in the previous figure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **Page** tab contains various node types, including:
```

    | Page item | Description |
    |---|---|
    | `top` | The main document [browsing context](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe). |
    | `microsoftedge.github.io` | The domain.  All resources nested under it come from that domain.  For example, the full URL of the `buttons.js` file is [https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js](https://microsoftedge.github.io/Demos/devtools-a11y-testing/buttons.js). |
    | `css`, `photos` | Directories |
    | `(index)` | The main HTML document. |
    | `buttons.js` | A script to handle button presses on the page. |

> 1. Select a resource to view it in the **Editor**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a resource file to view it in the Editor of the **Sources** tool:
```

>    ![View a file in the Editor.](../media/resources-sources-page-resource.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![View a file in the Editor](../media/resources-sources-page-resource.msft.png)
```

> 

Reviewer: change from:
## Browse resources by filename in the Sources tool
to:
## Browse resource files sorted by filename in the Page tab of the Sources tool

Reviewer: To check status, see:
Latest Files Changed view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2339/files
Rendered;
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md

Reviewer: Actual heading at the moment is:
Browse resources by filename in the Sources tool
which != the suggestion, of:
Browse resource files sorted by filename in the Page tab of the Sources tool

Author: applied locally

1. In the **Navigator** pane (on the left), select the **Page** tab.

> 1. Click **More options** `...` and then clear the **Group by folder** option.
> 
>    Group by folder selected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Application** tool to group resources by file type:

1. Select a resource to view it.

   ![View a resource in the Application panel.](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-expanded-resources.msft.png)

1. Select the **Application** tab.  The **Application** tool opens and by default shows the **Manifest** pane first:
   
   ![The Application tool.](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner.msft.png)

<!-- 1. Expand the resource sections you're interested in. -->

1. Scroll down to the **Frames** pane and then expand the folder that you're interested in.

   ![The Frames pane.](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)

```
dummy change, ignore

   ![The Group by folder option.](../media/resources-sources-page-resource-group-by-folder.msft.png)

    Resources are organized by file type.  For each file type, the resources are organized alphabetically:

   ![The Page tab after clearing the Group by folder check mark.](../media/resources-sources-page-resources-empty-not-grouped-by-folder.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Browse resources by file type in the **Application** tool

Use the **Application** tool to group resources by file type:

1. Select the **Application** tab.  The **Application** tool opens and by default shows the **Manifest** pane first:
   
   ![The Application tool.](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner.msft.png)

> 1. Scroll down to the **Frames** pane and then expand the folder that you're interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Scroll down to the **Frames** pane and then expand the folder that you're interested in:
```

   ![The Frames pane.](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)

> <!-- 1. Expand the resource sections you're interested in. -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <!-- 1. Expand the resource sections you're interested in. -->
> 
> 1. Select a resource to view it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a resource to view it.
```

> 

Reviewer: Change from:
```
By default, the **Page** tab groups resources by directory. To display the resources for each domain as a flat list, instead of grouping them by directory:
```
to:
```
By default, the **Page** tab in the **Sources** tool groups resource files by folder.  To instead display all the resource files for each domain grouped together in a single alphabetized list:

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Sources** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![The More tabs icon](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button, or else the **More Tools** (![More Tools icon.](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.
```

Author: verified

> 1. In the **Navigator** pane (on the left), select the **Page** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Navigator** pane in the upper left, select the **Page** tab.
```

> 1. Click **More options** `...` and then clear the **Group by folder** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **More options** (...) and then clear the **Group by folder** option:
```

>    Group by folder selected:
>    ![The Group by folder option.](../media/resources-sources-page-resource-group-by-folder.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The Group by folder option in the Page tab of the Sources tool](../media/resources-sources-page-resource-group-by-folder.msft.png)
```

    Resources are organized by file type.  For each file type, the resources are organized alphabetically:

>    ![The Page tab after clearing the Group by folder check mark.](../media/resources-sources-page-resources-empty-not-grouped-by-folder.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The Page tab in the Sources tool when the 'Group by folder' option is cleared](../media/resources-sources-page-resources-empty-not-grouped-by-folder.msft.png)
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Browse resources by file type in the **Application** tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Browse resource files by file type in the Frames tree in the Application tool
```

> Use the **Application** tool to group resources by file type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to view webpage resources grouped by file type is by using the **Frames** tree in the **Application** tool:
```

Reviewer: This change was applied, so can close this comment thread.

To check status, see:
Latest Files Changed view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2339/files
Rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md

> 1. Select the **Application** tab.  The **Application** tool opens and by default shows the **Manifest** pane first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press `Ctrl`+`Shift`+`I` (Windows, Linux) or `Command`+`Option`+`I` (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the main toolbar, select the **Application** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tabs** (![More tabs button](../media/more-tabs-icon-light-theme.png)) button, or else the **More Tools** (![The More Tools icon](../media/more-tools-icon-light-theme.png)) button.

1. Select the **Application** tab.  The **Application** tool opens and by default shows the **Manifest** pane first:
```

Reviewer: @dan-wesley - adds start-from-scratch steps as a Suggested change.  Resolved w/o applying.  Intended?

Author: done

   
   ![The Application tool.](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner.msft.png)

1. Scroll down to the **Frames** pane and then expand the folder that you're interested in:

>    ![The Frames pane.](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![The Frames tree in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-frames-expanded.msft.png)
```

Reviewer: This change was applied, so can close this comment thread.

To check status, see:
Latest Files Changed view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2339/files
Rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md

> 1. Select a resource to view it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a resource to view it:
```

Reviewer: this change was applied, so can close this comment thread.

To check status, see:
Latest Files Changed view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2339/files
Rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md

>    ![View a resource in the Application panel.](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-expanded-resources.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Viewing a resource in the Application tool](../media/resources-application-mainfest-airhorner-expanded-resources.msft.png)
```

Reviewer: It looks like this change was applied, so can close this comment thread.

To check status, see:
Latest Files Changed view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2339/files
Rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Browse files by type in the Network tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Browse resource files by file type by filtering in the Network tool
```

Reviewer: It looks like this change was applied, so can close comment.

To check status, see:
Latest Files Changed view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2339/files
Rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md

> ## Browse files by type in the Network tool

Reviewer: probably move this section up to be bottom of how to use Network tool; consider moving to below the section that's renamed to "Browse and inspect resource files in the Network tool".  Unless the page outline is strategically grouped to gather h2's that are about ways to group by file type.

> When you view the resources that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  For example, in the **Network** tool, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Network** tool, when you view the list of resource files that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  For example, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:
```

> ![Filter for CSS resources in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Filtering to only list CSS resource files in the Network Log](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)
```

Reviewer: To check status, see:
Latest Files Changed view:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2339/files
Rendered:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/v-danwesley/gs-view-page-resources/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/resources/index.md

Reviewer: Looks like this change was applied so can close comment.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Browse files by type in the Network panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Browse files by type in the Network tool
```
elsewhere, can write:
the Network tool (or panel)

> To browse files by type, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you view the resources that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  See [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type).
```

> Filter for CSS files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the **Network** tool, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:
```

> To browse files by type, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type).
> 
> Filter for CSS files:
> 
> ![Filter for CSS in the Network Log.](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you view the resources that make up the current webpage, you can filter which type of resources to list, such as only showing `.css` or `.js` files.  For example, in the **Network** tool, you can click **CSS** to filter and only display CSS files:

![Filter for CSS in the Network Log.](../media/resources-network-resources-filter-css.msft.png)

For more information, see [Filter by resource type](../network/index.md#filter-by-resource-type) in _Inspect network activity_.
```
